=pod

=head1 Simple DirectMedia Library Bindings for Perl

=head2 Welcome

SDL Perl are a set of bindings to the Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL).

'Simple DirectMedia Layer is a cross-platform multimedia library designed to provide low level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, joystick, 
3D hardware via OpenGL, and 2D video framebuffer. It is used by MPEG playback software, emulators, and many popular games, including the 
award winning Linux port of "Civilization: Call To Power."' --L<www.libsdl.org>

SDL Perl is an active and exciting project with many facets. Explore this website to learn more. 

=head3 Getting Started

A new SDL::Manual is being prepared for new users. In the mean time take a look at the documentation, ask for help on the mailing lists or irc channel, and see the examples in the source code.

=head3 Contribute

=over

=item IRC

Talk to us on channel L<#sdl|http://widget.mibbit.com/?settings=89f140215d60860684cee2f6a917607f&server=irc.perl.org&channel=%23sdl> .

=item Mailing List

Send us an email at L<mailing list| mailto:sdl-devel@perl.org>.

Our archives are located at L<mail-archive | http://www.mail-archive.com/sdl-devel@perl.org/> and  L<nntp.perl | http://www.nntp.perl.org/group/perl.sdl.devel>.

We also have a L<rssfeed | http://www.nntp.perl.org/rss/perl.sdl.devel.rdf>.

For help send an empty email to L< sdl-devel-help@perl.org| mailto:sdl-devel-help@perl.org>.

To subscribe to the mailing lists send an empty email to L< sdl-devel-subscribe@perl.org| mailto:sdl-devel-subscribe@perl.org>.

To unsubscribe send an empty email to L< sdl-devel-unsubscribe@perl.org | mailto:sdl-devel-unsubscribe@perl.org>.

=item Testing and Development

Join us on the trac L<site| http://sdlperl.ath.cx/projects/SDLPerl> to get started on making and grabbing tickets. 

To begin testing read L<this| http://sdlperl.ath.cx/projects/SDLPerl/wiki/Testing>.

=back

=head1 Latest News

=head2 December 26th 2010

=head3 CPAN Release SDL 2.524
	
L<SDL 2.524|http://search.cpan.org/search?query=SDL&mode=module> is on CPAN! The new API has many changes and much more improvements. So check it out.

SDL Perl at v2.2.6 on CPAN is the last of its kind which will have the old API.

=head3 SDL Manual: Writing Games with SDL Perl

The grant L<proposal| http://news.perlfoundation.org/2010/08/2010q3-grant-proposal-manual-f.html> has been accepted by L<The Perl Foundation|http://news.perlfoundation.org/2010/08/accepted-grants-for-2010q3.html>. SDL_Manual is being developed on L<github|http://github.com/PerlGameDev/SDL_Manual>, you can see the draft in L<PDF|http://sdlperl.ath.cx/releases/SDL_Manual.pdf> and L<HTML|http://sdlperl.ath.cx/releases/SDL_Manual.html>.

=head3 Active Development

SDL Perl is being actively developed to v3.0. We are adding many new SDLx::* modules to provide a more Perly interface to SDL. Please review, request or even hack the code. Talk to us on the irc channel or mailing lists.

=cut 
